_pages/about.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
permalink: /about/
author_profile: true
header:
  image: "/images/header2.jpg"
classes: wide
---

Hello and welcome to my site! My name is Andy Doto and I'm a Data Scientist. Thank you for taking the time to check out some of my data science work. I use this site to share my ideas or past projects with others. I love to learn; I enjoy sharing what I learn through implementation. My main interest areas are machine learning and artificial intelligence applications. I am fascinated by how things work under the hood, but maybe more importantly, I love to think about how you can use these tools to solve problems. 

There's a design principle popularized by Gunpei Yokoi called ["Lateral thinking with withered technology"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gunpei_Yokoi#Lateral_Thinking_with_Withered_Technology) while he was at Nintendo. Essentially, the idea is that you use well-understood and affordable technology in new ways or apply it uniquely. I try to take this idea into my work as a "lateral-thinking" data scientist and apply ML/AI in new ways to tackle problems or challenges. My absolute favorite part of data science work is when I get to think about problems and create formulations whereby I can use a data science method or technique to solve it. I like to think of it as "building a bridge" between a problem and a data science solution.

Again, thank you for taking the time to look over my content. I always welcome any feedback, discussions, or questions, so don't hesitate to reach out. You can find my Linkedin and my email over on the left side of the site. 

Take care!

Andy

Commit message:

update finance, edit file names, edit url suffixes

_pages/about.md, after:

---
title: "About Me"
permalink: /about/
author_profile: true
header:
  image: "/images/header2.jpg"
classes: wide
---

Hello and welcome to my site! My name is Andy Doto and I'm a Data Scientist. Thank you for taking the time to check out some of my work. I use this site to share my ideas and interests with others. I love to learn; I enjoy sharing what I learn through implementation. My main interest areas are machine learning and artificial intelligence applications. I am fascinated by how things work under the hood, but maybe more importantly, I love to think about how you can use these tools to solve problems. 

There's a design principle popularized by Gunpei Yokoi called ["Lateral thinking with withered technology"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gunpei_Yokoi#Lateral_Thinking_with_Withered_Technology) while he was at Nintendo. Essentially, the idea is that you use well-understood and affordable technology in new ways or apply it uniquely. I try to take this idea into my work as a "lateral-thinking" data scientist and apply ML/AI in new ways to tackle problems or challenges. My absolute favorite part of data science work is when I get to think about problems and create formulations whereby I can use a data science method or technique to solve it. I like to think of it as "building a bridge" between a problem and a data science solution.

Along with data science, I have a passion for personal finance. I don't have any formal training, but I really enjoy helping others organize, wrangle, and set goals for their finances. If you or someone you know need any help at all with finances, check out the Personal Finance section of my site, and don't hesitate to reach out.

Again, thank you for taking the time to look over my content. I always welcome any feedback, discussions, or questions. You can find my Linkedin and my email address over on the left side of the site. 

Take care,

Andy
